Mar 21, 2023
Dear Scholarship Donors,

The expression of gratitude in this letter highlights the optimism and tenacity associated with applying for the Maricopa Community Colleges Foundation General Scholarship. As a dedicated Data Analytics and Programming student at Estrella Mountain Community College, this award will ensure security in pursuing a bachelor's degree from either Mesa Community College or Phoenix Community College.

Therefore, a substantial financial need for the upcoming school year, including tuition fees, textbooks, course materials, and living costs, presents a challenge to this goal and becoming a leader in the community. Also, the rising costs of higher education and the ongoing demands of day-to-day life have placed a considerable strain on the financial resources available, making it difficult to concentrate on academic goals and fully realize career ambitions.

Furthermore, this scholarship will alleviate the financial burden currently addressed by outside work unrelated to technology. With this allowance, the focus on advocating and creating safer, more inclusive online spaces for the LGBTQ+ community will move higher on the priority list. With financial support, an individual's role as a community leader generates motivation and inspiration, as it signifies an investment in their future and a belief in their potential.

Building upon the previous point, the commitment to positively impacting our communities by promoting STEM and technology education for future generations is paramount. This scholarship ensures that becoming a community leader through education, engagement, and insight is an attainable and realistic goal to further the success and growth of Maricopa as a community. 

Finally, considering this application for awarding ensures the intention of the recipient to return to the community and share the skills and knowledge obtained through higher education as a form of outreach at organizations such as Tumbleweeds, One-in-Ten, and The Trevor Project. This support will bridge the local gaps and display a sense of unity in the community. Becoming a proud Maricopa Community College Alumna who steps forward to serve diverse communities in Arizona is the most significant way to show the gratitude and respect this scholarship brings.


Cordially,



Matthew Nichols
